Hello everyone, Meshuggah we today
play the sand Germans again
later 2g
light tank of the third level we are
on chemistry on ensk will be level 3 well
top hit himself and his preferential terms
while we are leaving now I will tell by
the gun is three centimeters m to 103 very
not bad
cluster machine gun as you see ninety
five breaks this is very, very much 30
podkalibery damage there are 110 penetration 30
damage but they rarely come in handy i
I drive 30 pieces here
by the way we have cassette tapes here
We are here as we see three volleys and 2
bullets in each ie we all have 6
bullets bullets a6 to 30 damage on average
180 damage from one
the drum is unlikely to take anyone but
wounded animal can be quite a pick plus
we have great just to punch and for
your level and here in battles 3 levels and
In general, all we sew at any angle but
the only limitations are all too
a350 there or 380 meters for all
automatic guns and therefore fight
we will have mostly on medium and
close distances the main difference is for
2g from grooves 1c is that we have
frontal armor of 30 centimeters but
millimeters i.e. these are the grooves 1c in
They have diamond does not penetrate at all and
stick to them album at an angle and they
we will not be punched to break through there for 30 seconds
penny gold 40 that is, if we
let's be about like a diamond to them
keep punching and they have no way
can't we are here here
Su-76 is pretty good tandem
It turns out and now I do not decide yet
head on and get out on sneeze x38 they me
just struck and the lesson was me a little but
Here 's a sneeze and yawn at once all three
his cassette two shells issued and how
see you expect a long recharge
16 seconds here in this recharge lies
the main difficulty of the game on this tank
tank dynamics in principle quite good but
much weaker in z rio or ass
we are significantly slower and so plus
long recharge when we are perfectly
helpless
Well, as you can see, I completely disassembled and
ms
38 it was not difficult to break through but
This I absorbed one splash from him on 40 and
here it starts interestingly look
I'm here on one side of 1 is running out
whom our sovzvodnye prodamazhil with
such a dribbling ltp yes beer there still
somewhere its a marder and here I am trying
somehow survive well we arrived in time
drummer that LTP prodamazhil and how
see he managed to survive there though
five of my shells went into suran 150
damage here Mordor begins
me to press this jersey and with a platoon
so he killed faster
at-1 inside as you can see goes to deuce
and so it does as I have requested now
my soul I leave he as you see to 2 i
I almost got 180 just drank the whole
cassette realized with damage and at the same time
even managed to grab him as you see
the main difficulty of this tank is that
you need to understand where you will be for 16 minutes
be in seva
at the same time, far from opponents
it will turn out because of bad dynamics
sit out sit in the corner behind the building
in nsk very very good
quite a working moment well, that's all
we kind of disassembled pay attention
how many corpses then two three three 4 5 he there
still probably somewhere 6 further and almost all
put literal or intercourse
feasible help but as we see it all
the rest have already merged bt-7
there he is standing there most likely of a cage
did not stay in cm pak 40 flocks and frag
very dangerous opponent of good and on
enske and here and currency review is wrong
very critical because here we are
get away the corners ourselves, too, sow
if that's what you can observe the dynamics
how he su-76 overtook me now
only catch up starting node40 approximate
more or less scored and so here is the food well
Here we lit pak40
fortunately he was already shot here
sovzvodny gets and here we have 2
board 7 frags
only cruiser cruiser 43 remains
percent and i'm suspicious creeps in
that, too, of a cage is not worth it
driving ahead and now we have it here
notice but here he is seen see lighted
in sniper scope
that does not twitch and shirt and platoon
so that he gets up to capture what we just
so here we will ride again
such a present under the tree under a bush
more precisely we decided to farm
invader but not to disappear the same
opportunity
they just stand by and control him
just in case but even turn on
fast playback here for now
syrochek chatting does not mean ok 38 caught fire
can read if you have nothing to do
not
ticked entry taking this frag and look
afterwards you want
I did it here to inflict whole
800 2 damage I received 676 experience
who is generally primal of course although here in
Basically basically 3 second level
naturally and in principle it was enough
to obtain a master sign klassnosti
also we took the medal to the platoon brothers
in arms
convened there is still something grabbed and in
Overall if we talk about the tank there is quite
yourself fit if you choose which
car to go further along this thread I would
recommended you grooves 2g since
there are no problems with breaking through
the problem is where to wait out your drum and in
principle to cope with this problem
much easier than with a bad breakthrough but
good speed if you take in
platoon still a couple of such grooves 2g then in
the drum damage principle is enough for you
to pick up almost any target
down to level five if you take tts
the most enjoyable moment of breaking through 90
even enough to fight with KV1 in the forehead
principle it can be pierced and principle
you can even not use gold and
take yourself here but it is not for me
In principle, the tanchik was useful, but not bad
farm it like that
rather doubtful occupation easier
take a car like anti fifth level or
6 there and damage can cause more and
inflicts itself somehow simpler than on
third but the machine itself is pretty
same fan as I said before
plus it is a battle that protects against
automatic guns of the same
groove 1c and in principle on this pros well
along with breaking through on these pluses
run out pretty pretty
not bad someone can leave in the hangar
fan in the sand if there is no
Primov and I perhaps passed and selling in
principle not a cactus and passes quite
still fun thank you for your attention and good luck
to you in battles and see you soon bye